What is up guys and welcome back.
So in this video we're going to be working with this section right here and now I think that editing
this team is now free easy you guys now already know how this plug in works totally OK so but that wasting
any time.
Let's get started.
Let's dive into it.
First thing I want to add is the about section where I want to add something here.
So that will be we'll go with that divider.
Here would be an image here would be the content in here.
You can be any image right here that represents our company.
So our company is basically for hardware that is why I want to focus on that.
So I just want to drag this column I want to change the look of the column.
I want to come here.
I'm just going to come here and say it's a Talk column so if I just get it you can see how will be two
columns.
You can see this is how it is working.
Now here I want to add one thing and that will be about the content and here would be the image.
So you have to basically focus on the box.
Now here are what I have to do.
First I think I should also add a heading right here.
So let's go ahead let's delete this let's track this heading and let's drop it right here.
I want to come here and I want to change this to be who we are.
OK.
And there we go.
I want to align this to Senator.
I want to change the color so let's get in here.
Let's change the kludgey plaque
cool.
Now what I want I need the topography I want to change this.
So I want to increase this base pay.
And I want to change the font so it can be open sounds OK.
And I want to change the font the vate.
So this is now very much Tinner.
I just want to bring this to top right here right here.
So above so that it looks good.
So when I go to advance tray here and I cannot bring this to top because we This team is restricting
us to go above there you can see that OK basically the ocean will be team gives complete access to this
team but this team is just getting right here.
But we can't do that.
How can we do that we just have to come here to the margin we have to just sit and unlink values we
have to just bring this up so you can see this is going above and I think this one's just fine.
OK.
Cool.
I want to come here and I want to hit save so you can see who is coming right here.
I want to go to the content.
I want to come here and I just need to get that the divider.
So I want to divide it drag the divider and I want this right here.
You can see dividers coming right here.
I want to go to vate.
So I to increase the weight a bit.
I want to just come here to practice the center.
I want to just bring this right here.
This much.
And I want to just trick trees.
So I wanted this above re here pay what I will do I'll just skim your eldest to advance and I want to
decrease the margins so let's give here and let's just decrease it.
You can see this is right here.
This looks cool.
OK if I just click this you can see how this is looking.
So this is just going this is not coming OK.
This team is creating some mess.
OK.
The reason is that because this team is not completely optimized for that that we have free here.
I want to just go on here and I want to use the zero because we can not go beyond its limit.
So this team is not getting giving us everything.
I want to come here.
I just want to delete it.
OK.
Let's come here.
Delete this column.
Let's try this heading right here and let's see if this heading is coming.
So this heading is coming we cannot change this.
We cannot go above it.
This team is just limiting us so basically that is why I recommend to go read the ocean team.
But I just wanted to make some changes make some edits that have what are extra things we can do with
our team.
So I just wanted to add here who we are
who we are.
I want to track this to center and I want to change the color of this to be a bit of Krey.
I want to come here right here to typography and Cree's it a bit and the IT font.
You can choose this to go to the vase.
So we should be three Henry.
I don't know why I like open sense but I'm in love with this.
OK.
Now what I want to do I just want to go to the line Hey two eldest shoes a line height to be zero.
I want to go to the concentrate here.
And let's see if we can see this.
OK we can see this now.
So I want to go to this guy right here.
I want to drag the columns in I want to drop it right here.
OK.
And here should be everything.
So
let's get in here and we need some text here right here.
I want to go to the text editor and history here.
I want to add some text so I'm just going to copy all this copy and paste paste paste based.
OK.
I want to come here and when I hit backspace Let's go above to it's really not go above and let's do
this so you can see this is a whole paragraph that is coming I want an image right here.
I'm just going to go to the image and this is right here.
So what is the image that we should get the free let's say that if you will be using right now would
be Bicks eBay dot com.
Keep that in mind I use these extra things are going to help you a lot because you need to get the best
images and picks eBay has some of the best images so I'll be just going up with a transparent and I'm
going to need and I need a hardware.
OK.
There we go.
So I need to basically
I think like this one.
This is not going up with the team color.
We pretty well need a colorful ding.
I think this one or this one or this one.
This one.
Cool.
This one looks cool.
OK.
I want to come here I want to just sit like this.
And I want to download this is being downloaded.
I want to go to this guy right here and ask him here to choose your image.
Deleted upload files ELINT shrugging.
Rob so here we go.
This is right here.
I want to come here and I want to get into it.
Media So this is coming here.
I want to go to the medium size thumbnail the medium size.
Let's go to style let's just create a bit so that it looks.
Phil
OK everything what school you going to go with the Hoover animation so you can go with the polls or
you can go with the grill.
So it would be Kro but I didn't think so if animation looks cool.
So you could see our heavy our section looks pretty well.
I want to add a new section and menu section should be full of it.
OK.
What I want to say here I want to just come here to edit section.
I don't want to stretch this section.
I want this mission to be full.
OK.
And I need a background image so my background image is going to be style.
Let's go to the normal let's good to the Bactrim type.
And I want to go to the image right here.
So I need an image.
I think we have any minute.
Let's go let's search.
If you have any image trace you are just one.
OK.
I want to hit insert media.
This is coming fully Yes.
This image is coming fully OK.
I want to go to the position so attachment attachment should be fixed.
OK so there might be some problems with your image.
OK.
There might be some problems with this plug in some teams might not work great.
Like this team is just restricting us to some things.
OK.
But don't just lose your job.
You can try any other team and use this plug in or use or just go with the ocean between.
So I'm just showing you a new way basically to how to implement it.
I want to go to the sites to be covered so that we have the parallax effect.
OK.
I also want to go to the overlay and I need an overlay right here so let's copy this.
Let's just go with this team color thing.
OK basically you have to focus on one thing is to choose the color and then stick to it do not choose
so many colors or the ways it will look like a joker silo or anything at all.
OK I want to go to discolors So we have a purple ish color
call.
OK.
I want to go to one increases.
I want to take it.
Yes.
OK.
I want to come here and we done with this.
What I want to say here.
OK so this is basically a treaty and this is a blue.
And this is a pair of purple.
So I think I should be going up at the median.
OK.
Yes.
And I want to go to the purple right here.
So the purple OK.
And I want to go to the location so my location should be here.
The angle should be 90 to that it comes to rectally OK.
And I want to increase the location here so I can see that we are pretty well.
We are free and we have the first color to be blue and the second color will be blue and then we have
the location to be like this.
We can also stick to the Tartar and we can also just increase the location so that it goes here right
here.
OK.
Now when we add something you will see how created this.
I want to add something here.
Now I want to add some counters and everything Silviu will be doing that in the next video so stadium
guys and Buh-Bye.